hey guys how you doing my name is echo
and welcome to a very interesting
minecraft video today now this is all
about Minecraft in general or platforms
and to be specific it is about mojang
now judging by the title many of you
will have an idea what I am talking
about others not so sure but it's been
posted all over Twitter all over popular
news websites that Microsoft are
reportedly going to be buying Mojang for
a whopping price of 2 billion dollars
yes this news is very popular at the
moment I really don't know what's going
on but it seems like the story will
develop over the next couple of days and
the next weeks now I've a link to Kotaku
website in the description if you want
to read up on it but I'm just going to
briefly go over the information that was
posted on their news website today he
says the Wall Street Journal is
reporting that according to a person
with the knowledge of the matter
Microsoft is in a serious discussion to
by Mojang the studio that made the smash
hit minecraft the deal is reportedly to
be worth a whopping to a billion dollars
and could be signed as early as this
week and then it says that report notch
unlikely to stay amo showing after
microsoft sale in addition to a report
yesterday cleaning microsoft was in
talks to buy swedish developers mahjong
and it says from kotaku point we've
contacted both microsoft I'm mojang for
a comment and will update if we hear
back it's worth remembering that in June
this year Mojang found out Marcus
Pearson wrote in a blog post saying
Mojang does not exist to make as much
money as possible for the owners as the
majority of shareholder I'd know every
time a big money-making deal comes up
that would make a lot of money it's of
course very tempting but at the end of
the day we choose to do whatever makes
the most sense for our products all the
thing that seems likely fun famosa
photos up mojang now look at this on
screen this is a tweet Marcus Pearson
posted in 2012 as you can see I've
highlighted right here anyway my price
is too
in dollars give me two billion dollars
and I'll endorse your crap so this was a
very very old tweet that someone did
retweet earlier on today I just thought
it was very interesting now the reason
why I'm sharing this news video is
because what does this mean not only for
Microsoft but also for Sony because
mojang has obviously Xbox look after
Sony to look after which is PlayStation
they have pc and the also pocket edition
does this means that Microsoft will keep
things exactly the same what does it
mean that they're going to change things
and doesn't mean that the likes of xbox
will be priority to Microsoft because
they do earn Minecraft as well I really
don't know what this could mean for the
future of Minecraft on console and to be
honest with you I really don't want
microsoft to buy the likes of Mojang
because Microsoft by everything I like
the fact that mojang is different it's
not owned by a US company no offense to
the US I like the fact that it's owned
by Swedish developers I think not just
done a truly amazing job and the people
of Mojang really do an awesome job on
minecraft in general so I really don't
know what this means but I forward make
this video just to keep you all updated
with the news in the community let me
know in the comment section what you do
think about this if your next box gamer
what do you think and if you're a
PlayStation gamer what do you think as
well emeco have a great day and i'll
catch you next time